hi and welcome to episode number 238
with what's for Chow calm with the Super
Bowl just days away here is an awesome
corn dog recipe to feed your families
and friends on the big day to see all of
our other Super Bowl recipes you can
click on the on-screen link the direct
link to the principal corn dog recipe is
at the end of this video
to start place the fine cornmeal flour
salt pepper sugar and baking powder in a
large mixing bowl
pour in the egg and the milk and mix the
stew thick better
let the better stand for 30 minutes
while the better stance press the money
francs on two short skewers and heat a
pan of oil to 180 Celsius or 350
Fahrenheit
dip the dogs in the better
get a good coating all over and
carefully lower them into the oil
depending on the size of your pan you
may need to do two or three batches fry
the dogs for three minutes turning
halfway through they will be crisp and
golden remove the corn dogs from the pan
and drain any excess oil on kitchen
paper continue frying the remaining dogs
range the corn dogs on platters and
serve with prepared mustard and fruit
chutney or sweet chili sauce I hope you
enjoy the game please subscribe to our
Channel and we'll see you again tomorrow